about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Jason
excerpt: "Learning something new everyday."
modified: 2015-02-27
image:
  feature: about-banner-macbook.jpg
  credit: Thom
  creditlink: https://unsplash.com/
---
My name is Jason Cavett. I'm a software engineer with specific focus on user experience. I have had quite a bit of success in leading software engineering teams at various organizations.

I currently work as a consultant at Jacquette Consulting, Inc., however, this blog and its thoughts and opinions are entirely my own. Before I moved my blog, I primarily wrote about specific pieces of code I was working on, but I will be expanding to broader topics surrounding technology.

*Social Media*
You can find me on Twitter, Google+, and, of course, here at my blog. I am mildly active on StackOverflow. I also have a GitHub account, though it won't look like I ever commit anything because my "hack-around" repos are private. I dropped Facebook some time ago as I didn't find it very useful. I still have yet to pick up LinkedIn.

*Some History*
I am a graduate from [RIT's](http://www.rit.edu/) Galisano College of Computing and Information Sciences with a degree in Software Engineering and a focus in usability. While there, I was the co-founding president of RIT's Society of Software Engineers. I also learned to swing and blues dance.

I held a number of co-op positions including ones at: Excellus BlueCross BlueShield, Goodrich Aerospace, and Lockheed Martin. I ultimately ended up at Lockheed where I joined their systems engineering group.

TODO - Add more details.

*More Details*
If you've scrolled this far, then you're braver than I thought!

I enjoy video games. I have far too many hours into all types of games with League of Legends being my latest favorite. I still swing and blues dance. I believe that Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior.

I have a wonderful family. I read voraciously.

Commit message:

Updated more of the about page.

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Jason
excerpt: "Learning something new everyday."
modified: 2015-02-27
image:
  feature: about-banner-macbook.jpg
  credit: Thom
  creditlink: https://unsplash.com/
---
My name is Jason Cavett. I'm a software engineer with specific focus on user experience. I have had quite a bit of success in leading software engineering teams at various organizations and successfully delivering many different pieces of software.

I currently work as a consultant at [Jacquette Consulting, Inc.](http://www.jacquette.com/), however, this blog and its thoughts and opinions are entirely my own. Before I moved my blog, I primarily wrote about specific pieces of code I was working on, but I will be expanding to broader topics surrounding technology as it will give me more material.

Social Media
==
You can find me on Twitter, Google+, and, of course, here at my blog. I am mildly active on StackOverflow. I also have a GitHub account, though it won't look like I ever commit anything because my "hack-around" repos are private. I dropped Facebook some time ago as I didn't find it very useful. I still have yet to pick up LinkedIn.

See the bottom of any page on my site for links out to the various social media sites.

Some History
==
I am a graduate from [RIT's](http://www.rit.edu/) [Galisano College of Computing and Information Sciences](https://www.rit.edu/gccis/) with a degree in [Software Engineering](http://www.se.rit.edu/) and a focus in usability. While there, I was the co-founding president of RIT's [Society of Software Engineers](https://sse.se.rit.edu/). I also learned to swing and blues dance.

I held a number of co-op positions including ones at: Excellus BlueCross BlueShield, Goodrich Aerospace, and Lockheed Martin. After graduation, I continued with Lockheed where I joined their systems engineering group. In 2010, the sub-organization I was part of divested to form the SI Organization. There, I lead the newly-formed software engineering team. After some time, I then went to Jacquette where I work with some great people and have fun doing it!

More Details
==
If you've scrolled this far, then you're braver than I thought!

I enjoy video games. I have far too many hours into all types of games. League of Legends is my latest favorite. I still swing and blues dance. Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior and I co-lead the teen groups at my church. I have a wonderful family. I read when I can, though not as much as I want to. The gym is a great stress reliever. If you have any other questions, check out my social media feeds!
